Update nodejs version to 12 - Closes #429 (#439)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/reference/lisk-elements/index.adoc

=== Supported Platforms

> * Platforms with Node.js version 12.14.1 and above.

Author: ```suggestion
* Platforms with Node.js version 12.15.0 and above.
```
